Support window parenting on macOS, closes #3751 (#3754)
tauri-apps/tauri: .changes/parent-window-hwnd.md

---
"tauri": patch
---

> **Breaking change:** The `Window::parent_window` method now returns *HWND* instead of *c_void* on Windows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Breaking change:** The `Window::hwnd` method now returns *HWND* from `windows-rs` crate instead of *c_void* on Windows.
```
